Adjust documentation after orchestration changes (#272)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/08-05-orchestrate-kyma-upgrade.md

## Steps

1. [Get the access token](#details-authorization). Export this variable based on the token you got from the OAuth client:

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select runtimes to upgrade using a following selectors:

- target - can be used to select all runtimes by specifying it as `target: "all"`
- globalAccount
- subAccount
- runtimeID
- planName
- region

> >**NOTE:** The **dryRun** parameter specified in the request body is set to `true`. As a result, the upgrade is executed in a fake mode. It means that all actions are executed against selected Runtimes but the upgrade process is not sending the upgrade request to Provisioner..

Reviewer: That is a bit confusing. I'd rephrase it
```suggestion
>**NOTE:** If the **dryRun** parameter specified in the request body is set to `true`, the upgrade is executed but the process is not sending the upgrade request to the Provisioner.
```

## Steps

1. [Get the access token](#details-authorization). Export this variable based on the token you got from the OAuth client:

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select runtimes to upgrade using a following selectors:

> - target - can be used to select all runtimes by specifying it as `target: "all"`

Author: I will code everything with proper descriptions

- globalAccount
- subAccount
- runtimeID
- planName
- region

>**NOTE:** If the **dryRun** parameter specified in the request body is set to `true`, the upgrade is executed but the process is not sending the upgrade request to the Provisioner.

   ```bash
curl --request POST "https://$BROKER_URL/upgrade/kyma" \
--header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw "{\
    \"targets\": {\
        \"include\": {\
            \"runtimeID\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"globalAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"subAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"planName\": \"azure\",\
            \"region\": \"europewest\",\
         },\
    },\
    \"dryRun\": false\
}"
   ```

A successful call returns the orchestration ID:

   ```json
   {
       "orchestrationID":"8a7bfd9b-f2f5-43d1-bb67-177d2434053c"
   }
   ```

4. [Check the orchestration status](#tutorials-check-orchestration-status).

>**NOTE:** Only one orchestration can be processed at the same time. If the KEB is already processing some orchestration the newly created will wait for processing with the **pending** state.

> ### Strategies

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this section be a part of the general document about orchestration? This is a tutorial and it's not a part of the steps to perform. Let's discuss.

> To change the behaviour of the orchestration you can specify a strategy in the request body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the behavior of the orchestration, you can specify a strategy in the request body.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For now we support only the **Parallel** strategy with two types of schedule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now, we support only the **parallel** strategy with two types of schedule:
```

- Immediate - schedules the upgrade operations instantly

> - MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations respecting the maintenance time windows specified for given runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations with the maintenance time windows specified for a given Runtime
```

You can also configure how many upgrade operations can be executed in parallel to accelerate the process. Specify the **parallel** object in the request body with **workers** field set to the number of concurrent executions for the upgrade operations.

> The example strategy objects looks as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example strategy object looks as follows:
```

```json
{
  "strategy": {
    "type": "parallel",
    "schedule": "maintenanceWindow",
    "parallel": {
      "workers": 5
    }
  }
}
```

> >**NOTE:** By default the orchestration will be executed with Parallel strategy, using the immediate type of schedule with only one worker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** By default, the orchestration is executed with the parallel strategy, using the immediate type of schedule with only one worker.
```

## Steps

1. [Get the access token](#details-authorization). Export this variable based on the token you got from the OAuth client:

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select specific Runtimes to upgrade using the following selectors:

> - `target` - use the `target: "all"` selector to selects all Runtimes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `target` - use the `target: "all"` selector to select all Runtimes
```

## Steps

1. [Get the access token](#details-authorization). Export this variable based on the token you got from the OAuth client:

   ```bash
   export AUTHORIZATION_HEADER="Authorization: Bearer $ACCESS_TOKEN"
   ```

> 2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select Runtimes to upgrade using the following selectors:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker to orchestrate the upgrade. You can select specific Runtimes to upgrade using the following selectors:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - target - can be used to select all runtimes by specifying it as `target: "all"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `target` - use the `target: "all"` selector to selects all Runtimes
```

> - globalAccount - selects runtimes with specified globalAccount ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `globalAccount` - use it to select Runtimes with the specified global account ID
```

> - subAccount - selects runtimes with specified subAccount ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `subAccount` - use it to select Runtimes with the specified subaccount ID
```

> - runtimeID - selects runtimes with specified runtime ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `runtimeID` - use it to select Runtimes with the specified Runtime ID
```

> - planName - selects runtimes with specified plan name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `planName` - use it to select Runtimes with the specified plan name
```

> - region - selects runtimes located in specified region

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `region` - use it to select Runtimes located in the specified region
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

   ```bash
curl --request POST "https://$BROKER_URL/upgrade/kyma" \
--header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw "{\
    \"targets\": {\
        \"include\": {\
            \"runtimeID\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"globalAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"subAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"planName\": \"azure\",\
            \"region\": \"europewest\",\
         },\
    },\
    \"dryRun\": false\
}"
   ```

> >**NOTE:** If the **dryRun** parameter specified in the request body is set to `true`, the upgrade is executed but the upgrade request is not sent to the Runtime Provisioner.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** If the **dryRun** parameter specified in the request body is set to `true`, the upgrade is executed but the upgrade request is not sent to Runtime Provisioner.
```

> 3. To configure strategy of your orchestration, use the following request example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. If you want to configure [the strategy of your orchestration](#details-orchestration-strategies), use the following request example:
```

>    --data-raw "{

Reviewer: I think this should look like this:
```bash
curl --request POST "https://$BROKER_URL/upgrade/kyma" \
--header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER" \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw "{\
    \"targets\": {\
        \"include\": {\
            \"runtimeID\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"globalAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"subAccount\": \"uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs\",\
            \"planName\": \"azure\",\
            \"region\": \"europewest\",\
         },\
    },\
    \"dryRun\": false\
}"
```

       \"targets\": {
           \"include\": {\
               \"runtimeID\": "uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs",
               \"globalAccount\": "uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs",
               \"subAccount\": "uuid-sdasd-sda23t-efs",
               \"planName\": "azure",
               \"region\": "europewest",
            },
       },
       \"dryRun\": false
   }"
   ```

> >**NOTE:** Without specifying the **targets** field, the orchestration will select all the runtimes by default using the **all** target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** By default, the orchestration will select all the runtimes using the **all** target.
```

Author: Will remove that sentence because implementation has changed after a review

A successful call returns the orchestration ID:

   ```json
   {
       "orchestrationID":"8a7bfd9b-f2f5-43d1-bb67-177d2434053c"
   }
   ```

4. [Check the orchestration status](#tutorials-check-orchestration-status).

>**NOTE:** Only one orchestration can be processed at the same time. If the KEB is already processing some orchestration the newly created will wait for processing with the **pending** state.

### Strategies

To change the behaviour of the orchestration you can specify a strategy in the request body.

> For now we support only the **Parallel** type of strategy with two types of schedule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For now we support only the **Parallel** strategy with two types of schedule:
```

- Immediate - schedules the upgrade operations instantly

> - MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations in the time windows specified for each runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations respecting the maintenance time windows specified for given runtime
```

> You can also configure how many upgrade operations can be executed in parallel to accelerate the process by specifying the **parallel** object in the request body with field **workers** set to number of the desired concurrent executions of the upgrade operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure how many upgrade operations can be executed in parallel to accelerate the process. Specify the **parallel** object in the request body with **workers** field set to the number of concurrent executions for the upgrade operations.
```

The example strategy objects looks as follows:

```json
{
  "strategy": {
    "type": "parallel",
    "schedule": "maintenanceWindow",
    "parallel": {
      "workers": 5
    }
  }
}
```

> >**NOTE:** Without specifying the **strategy** field, the orchestration will be executed with Parallel strategy, using the immediate type of schedule with only one worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** By default the orchestration will be executed with Parallel strategy, using the immediate type of schedule with only one worker.
```
